This is Gwenhywfar, a multi-platform helper library for networking and
security applications and libraries. It is heavily used by libchipcard
www.libchipcard.de and OpenHBCI-TNG (The Next Generation)
www.openhbci.de.


Features
--------

This library is written in C, and it follows the object-oriented
programming paradigm for most of its parts.  The header files can
directly be used from C++, too.

Gwenhywfar includes the following features:

- Basic Data types for binary buffers, linked lists, error objects,
  string lists (src/base/), buffered IO operations (src/io/)

- OS abstraction functions for directory and Internet address handling
  (src/os/)

- extensive data type and function collections for Inter-Process
  communication (IPC, in src/ipc/ and src/impl/ipc/)

- High-level cryptographic functions on top of OpenSSL functionality
  (src/crypt/)

- High-level functions for parsing XML-like files and accessing them
  like a hierarchical database (src/parser/)

(FIXME: check whether this is correct)


Requirements
------------

- OpenSSL >= 0.9.6x (0.9.7x recommended)


Platforms
---------

Gwenhywfar is being developed on Linux. It should also run on Windows
(under mingw) and Mac OS-X, but both of these ports still need more
testing (FIXME: correct?).


Documentation
-------------

Currently the documentation can only be found in the header
files. Many header files already include extensive comments in
doxygen-format (however some don't), but there is currently no setup
to have a complete doxygen HTML documentation automatically
generated. (FIXME: what are the plans?)


Contact
-------

For questions about this library please ask on the mailing list of the
OpenHBCI project openhbci-general (subscriber-only, please subscribe
on http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/openhbci-general),
since this is where the author(s) hang out. (FIXME: Choose whether you
want it this way)


Authors
-------

This library is being written by and is being maintained by Martin
Preuss <martin@libchipcard.de>. Some minor work has been contributed
by others including Christian Stimming <stimming@tuhh.de>.


Name
----

The name of this library was chosen because of --- (FIXME?). WATCH
OUT: Due to the complicated spelling, sometimes the letters `f' and
`w' at the end are switched around. Officially, the name should be
Gwenhywfar, i.e. first `w', the `f'. (FIXME: or the other way round?)
